[docs] Cloud docs (#9920) (#9964)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-faq.md

Yugabyte Cloud is a fully managed YugabyteDB-as-a-Service that allows you to run YugabyteDB clusters on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Microsoft Azure (coming soon).

> Yugabyte Cloud clusters are accessed via [YSQL](../../api/ysql) and [YCQL](../../api/ycql) client APIs, and administered using the Yugabyte Cloud console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You access your Yugabyte Cloud clusters via [YSQL](../../api/ysql) and [YCQL](../../api/ycql) client APIs, and administer your clusters using the Yugabyte Cloud console.
```
